Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to be able to upload comments.
Okay, then let's do this.
We need to go back to our controller's entry and the comment controller and now we can use control and
B to make this way.
Okay.
Now the first step is to save our comments to the cloud faster.
And as we said within the video collection, we want to have another collection which is going to be
for the comments.
Okay.
So now all we have to do is over here.
We're going to need to see our weight.
And then core your fire.
Stir fry, sir.
Faster dirt.
We have the collection, and we first need to assess the evidence collection.
Okay.
Now, you can see over here is video.
Each video is connected to this video collection based on what's the Heidi?
Right.
Okay.
So now all we have to do is the comments collection is going to be also connected to.
It's also going to be connected to this video collection based on something known as what, I.D. or
your ID.
Okay.
So over here we need to say that.
And you can see we have this post over your what we can just do is we can be more specific.
We can call this post on this.
Sorry, post, ID and post.
I'd.
Okay.
And over here, we're going to need to say on this car post ID so that comments collection is going
to be connected to this video collection based on.
The idea.
You can just see this as a rope or a road between two roads or a link between two roads.
Okay.
So now we can then say collection again and there's going to be comments.
Comments.
Okay.
And we can.
As well say good doc, because each comment is also going to be connected.
Like you can see over here, we just have one collection, right?
And each video is connected to this with this collection based on what's the idea.
Hopefully you understand this.
So that's what we basically say.
So this is more like we're just creating a new collection, right?
Okay.
So the doc as for the comment ID is going to be the length of how many comment we have.
You can see over here, we basically created the variable in a that's it just gets our many, many comments
we have.
Right.
Okay.
Hopefully you understand or hopefully I'll be able to explain to you or or the standard.
So now we need to say comments and how to the a sign and length.
And now we can then say dot set.
I think you've seen this before, and you're going to need to call this comment.
This comment varied.
But now if you comment and we need to say dots to JSON or JSON and how you pronounce it.
Okay, great.
Now, what we need to do next is over here.
You can see we created a variable and causes variable on this call post ID.
Right.
Okay.
And we said is going to be the link between is going to be the link between this video collection and
this comments collection.
Right.
And you can see over here, we do not have any value to it at the moment.
So all we can do is we can create a virtual card of dates, post ID.
And Lebanon need to create a dynamic variable.
So and then I'll call this function.
Lebanon needs a positive value to it.
And the way we can see on the score post ID.
Is going to be core to this idea we have over there.
Okay.
So whenever we call this post, so update post it.
We are going to need to pass the value to it, which is automatically going to be automatically going
to be here.
And automatically gonna be.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
So now all we can do is just try this to save.
And lastly.
We tend this cash, we can as well cause the era.
You can say get that.
Snack bar.
Okay.
For the title of the era.
Because the era.
Comments.
For the Expert Comment Committee.
And this is going to be what's e?
Dot to string.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing to do is to have access to this post comment.
Okay.
For the now, we're basically not retrieving our comments.
We are only able to watch post comments.
Right.
And in order to have access to this function, we first need to have access to this comments.
Controller class.
Okay.
So now we need to go to the common screen.
And over here we can create a finite variable and we can just go ahead and specify the type of variable
this a type of climate controller.
And now we cannot call this on the commit controller since you have this variable called this controller.
And remember this current controller is basically to get the input of what the user is actually committing.
Okay, now is this ready have this variable, we can just go ahead and call it hound command controller
and now we can then see get I think you've seen this before yet and what we can do is we can import
this manually in the that's a path to get slash gets okay and now we can then say Dot's put and comments.
Controller.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now the next thing to do is to rub this list view.
We with something known as obese.
And the reason for this obese is whenever we comment, we want that comment to be displayed life.
We don't want the user to refresh or do anything.
We just want that is that comment to be displayed like.
So whenever a user comments, probably when a user is in the comments screen, new comments will just
easily pop up with that of that user.
So refresh.
Okay.
So in order to do this, we need to wrap this for us.
We streamed you there.
Okay.
And we can basically get rid of what is inside here.
Get rid of this.
And.
This as well.
So.
Okay.
This as well.
Do we need to get rid of this?
And instead of this, we can then call this all B.
S.
Okay, great.
Now, we really don't need this at this moment because we are visibly not fetching any products.
Okay.
As of now, you're going to get a red arrow.
You're going to get that here.
Okay.
Because we basically wrap this with an obvious is basically in the item count as well.
The.
The data.
Okay.
And for the now, what we can then do is look.
So what now?
So all we need to do this is we can get rid of this and use the higher function.
And that core the comments controller.
Comrade Controller.
You can just see and see what you're going to see.
Definitely.
You going to have this red area.
Okay.
I think, Manuel, it says green in the running.
If I'm with her on that later now, we can then see.
Sorry.
Post comment.
Okay.
For the post comments.
We have one field and the reasons for this field.
You can see we tend to the controller.
We passed this comment test field right away.
So over here, this is basically going to be the honest comments.
Controller and or test, you know, that's assets the value.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now, the last thing to do is to basically code it.
So within the build, we need to call the comment controller.
And sort of date post ID.
Okay.
So now all we have to do is over the video screen.
You can see we have all the data.
Right.
And we said that, Heidi, of the video is basically how many video we have.
You can see this in the video screen.
So sorry, the video controller, you can see we want the video.
We weren't.
Sorry, not this.
Okay.
I think I did this behind the scene.
Yes.
Avoid this one.
Now, we're going to do that later.
Okay.
So within the video, you can see.
Okay with your controller.
Okay.
Sorry, not video controller body upload.
Sorry AKC we want the name of the Heidi, which is going to be the how many video we have.
Right.
Okay.
So that's what we also want.
Hopefully, I think I'm talking too much.
Okay.
Sorry, I'm not.
Okay, great.
So what we can do is.
Over here we can create a find available.
Open that confusing.
I think I'm talking about change and so for that okay I can just history and ID and now we need to pass
this on to the constructor creates constructor for final fields.
You're going to see this shot this sorry you can see goes magically positive required keyword.
Okay.
Great.
Now you're going to have this area.
Right.
Okay.
So now we need to go to the video screen and where we call that commit controller.
And for the ID, this is going to be data that we have.
They are.
The authorities we have data.
Are that it?
Okay, great.
Great.
Now I'm going to play what we are doing.
Eunice.
I'm going to take my time a little.
Come down to this before we do it.
Okay.
Now, in the comment controller, we created a rainbow card on the scope post ID.
Right.
And for now, we are not actually giving it to anybody.
And voila we created a functional court of dates post ID so you can see when we court that of this,
post it.
We passed and we didn't pass any value to.
It's a big deal.
Okay.
Sorry.
We then pass in the value to the common screen.
Why are there is no pass in the value?
Is.
So we are going to have access to it in the video screen because we call it this FI, we call this comic
controller.
And remember by ear, we are basically marketing it as what's required.
So we are going to need to pass in the value to this idea and the idea of the video.
So the Heidi is going to be the data.
Heidi.
And we said that, Heidi.
Is going to be what they applaud.
We said, Heidi, is going to be how many video we have.
Okay.
Well, let's we are just going to do now.
That's our void as long as tradition is.
Is to basically just randomly have their try to upload the current and then you're going to need to
check your videos collection and then you're you're going to see the idea is going to be connected to
something similar like this and you're going to see the comments collection.
Okay.
I'm sick.
I'm taking way too much.
Okay.
So now all you have to do is to run your hop.
I think my this is going to take some time to run.
So you can't just run your lap over here and try to comment.
Definitely.
You're going to see red hair.
Just get with that and just go ahead and comment in that that comment thing.
Try to go to this and go back to the data in that that's automatically refresh.
Then go check your video collection.
You're then going to see a new collection called Comments.